Add custom seed option for speculos backend. (#105)
LedgerHQ/ragger: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - conftest: add configuration option that allows a custom seed to be used for speculos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- conftest: add configuration and pytest options that allow a custom seed to be used for speculos.
```

Author: Ok
